Improve output of deployment in Docs Introduction (#559)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/getting-started/introduction-to-now.mdx

### Try Now

> The following example highlights the ease with which you can deploy static assets (like with the `index.html` and `style.css` file below) combined with Now Lambdas (`date.js`) that execute and produce a dynamic response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example highlights the ease with which you can deploy static assets (like with the `index.html` and `style.css` files below) combined with a Lambda (`date.js`) that executes and produce a dynamic response.
```
